# OpenPubkey Technical Steering Committee Meeting

Date: Wednesday, December 6, 2023 - 9AM/12PM PT/ET | [Google Meet Link](https://meet.google.com/tes-qcdo-jpf)

Participants:
* Ann Ming Samborski (BastionZero)
* Ethan Heilman (Bastionzero)
* Joel Kamp (Docker)
* Jonny Stoten (Docker)
* Lucie Mugnier (BastionZero)

# Agenda
1. [TSC chair election](#tsc-chair-election)
2. [Discuss how we document and standardize OpenPubkey](#discuss-how-we-document-and-standardize-openpubkey)
    - What format do we use? RFC-like Mediawiki?
    - Where do we store the standards?
    - How do we propose, review and approve /reject it?
3. [Ownership of non-core OpenPubkey repositories](#ownership-of-non-core-openpubkey-repositories)
    - [Verify-docker-cli-plugin](https://github.com/openpubkey/verify-docker-cli-plugin)
    - [Signed-attestation](https://github.com/openpubkey/signed-attestation)
    - [Buildkit](https://github.com/openpubkey/buildkit)
    - [Demo](https://github.com/openpubkey/demo)
4. [Standardizing admin/write access to repositories](#standardizing-adminwrite-access-to-repositories)

# Meeting Notes

## TSC Chair Election

Ethan is chair by unanimous agreement by TSC members. 

## Discuss How We Document and Standardize OpenPubkey

RFC is a nice format, but there are concerns it is too formal to serve the community as a whole. 

The goal is to give the community a structured way to interact with the design of OPK rather than just the code. 

For now, we think a Markdown file in GitHub makes sense (within the `openpubkey/openpubkey` repo) so folks can make PRs against it. Two examples for consideration: [in-toto/attestation](https://github.com/in-toto/attestation/tree/main/spec/v1) and [secure-systems-lab/dsse](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/dsse/blob/master/protocol.md). We would like to adopt [RFC-2119](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt) that defines usage of "must," "should," and "may." Diagrams in Markdown can use Mermaid or if a more complex diagram is necessary, can always embed an image. 

Ethan is taking an [action item](#action-items) to draft this proposal up to discuss in the next community meeting. 

## Ownership of Non-Core OpenPubkey Repositories

The repositories will remain in the OPK repository for now. 

## Standardizing Admin/Write Access to Repositories

The desire is for all members of the TSC to have admin/write access to the OpenPubkey repositories. 

Rather than fight with group permissions, Ethan changed all members of TSC to owners of OpenPubkey. They agreed they will not make org-level changes without making the other members aware and making sure there is agreement.

# Action Items

1. Ethan to put a proposal together for how to document and standardize OpenPubkey. He will share it with community and discuss this at the next community meeting.