# OpenPubkey Technical Steering Committee Meeting

Date: Wednesday, August 7, 2024 - 9AM/12PM PT/ET | [Google Meet Link](https://meet.google.com/erb-xbju-rbf)

Participants:
- Ethan Heilman (Cloudflare)
- Ann Ming Samborski (Cloudflare)

# Agenda
1. Upcoming release [v0.4.0](https://github.com/openpubkey/openpubkey/milestone/3).
2. What's next for OpenPubkey for v0.7.0 (v0.5.0 is the testing release, v0.6.0 is the zkSnark release). Is v0.7.0: the Cosigner release? the JWKS archive release? The increasing support for more OPs? Better support for SSH? Notary release? Sigstore release?

# Meeting Notes

## Next Release & What Comes After
- Upcoming release (v0.4.0): waiting on current [PR 209](https://github.com/openpubkey/openpubkey/pull/209) for review.
- Merge by EOW.
- Next release is the testing release. Main goal is getting test coverage over 50%, which has already been achieved. Open question around if we want to include integration tests for this release or not.
- After that, will be ZK Snark release. Adding a new signing type using ZkLogins. Ethan will keep folks updated on that timeline as it becomes more clear.
- *Open question to community*: what do we want to build next?
- Suggestion: Write a guide for top 5 (or so) projects that become possible once we reach a mature state of the OPK repo (i.e., OPK SSH and production cosigner). Audience is intended to be people who want to take on a project. What are the no-brainers to drive integrations with? (Ethan to think about this).

# Action Items
- Ethan will create an issue detailing top 5 projects that become possible once we reach a mature state of the OPK repo

