# OpenPubkey Technical Steering Committee Meeting

Date: Wednesday, February 7, 2024 - 9AM/12PM PT/ET | [Google Meet Link](https://meet.google.com/tes-qcdo-jpf)

Participants:
-  Ethan Heilman (BastionZero)
-  Lucie Mugnier (BastionZero)
-  Ann Ming Samborski (BastionZero) 

# Agenda
1. [Technical steering committee tag for community repository](#technical-steering-committee-tag-for-community-repository)
2. [TSC proposal template for community repository](#tsc-proposal-template-for-community-repository) 
3. [How do we prioritize issues?](#how-do-we-prioritize-issues)
4. [Are there other labels that we want to introduce to community?](#are-there-other-labels-that-we-want-to-introduce-to-community)
5. [Roadmapping approaches](#roadmapping-approaches)
6. [Versioning, PK Tokens using typ, Cosigner API, anything else?](#versioning-pk-tokens-using-typ-cosigner-api-anything-else)

# Meeting Notes

## Technical Steering Committee Tag For Community Repository

Issue raised: [Community issue #4](https://github.com/openpubkey/community/issues/4)

Conclusion: We'll use the label `TSC` for any technical steering committee-related issues and will add a section to the readme detailing what issues should be tagged with `TSC`.

## TSC Proposal Template For Community Repository

Issue raised: [Community issue #5](https://github.com/openpubkey/community/issues/5)

Conclusion: We will adopt Ben's recommendation and use the template as a resource for anyone who wants to use it, noting that following it is not a requirement to submit a TSC-related issue. 

## How Do We Prioritize Issues?

- The TSC will define the top 5 priorities (list of 5 issues) as the first agenda item in TSC meetings. If priorities remain the same month over month, then no change to the list needs to be made.
- This prioritized list will be brought to community meetings for discussion so everyone has an opportunity to weigh in, especially if there is a change in issues from the TSC meeting to the communtiy meeting.
- The top 5 issues will be labeled in the repository using `P1`, `P2`, `P3`, `P4`, `P5` labels, where `P1` is the highest priority item.

## Are There Other Labels That We Want To Introduce To Community?

None at this time.

## Roadmapping Approaches

Question from Ethan: Should we adopt something like [Zitadel](https://github.com/orgs/zitadel/projects/6)?

Lucie and Ethan both agree that OpenPubkey isn't at a point where we can adopt a similar approach to [Zitadel](https://github.com/orgs/zitadel/projects/6), but they want to keep that as the long term goal.

## Versioning, PK Tokens Using typ, Cosigner API, Anything Else?

Lucie and Ethan discussed different versioning options and concluded on using the CIC type header to version OPK.

For API versioning, this will be done based off the URL (i.e., `/v1` vs. `/v2`).
